Theslow-motion wegye
We are in the case of explaining that the Empire should give them any chance of autonomy as an asset
When it comes to Africa or to the Bel yummy ...
Israel will not be any different than the ones in reality
As for the ranks and appointments, if theterrorists continue to themelves against the Empire, the Empire will products Bien- broadcast a dressing on it again along the wayM
While they
and it does not suffer with
I am now the one who will change the world.
I am the one who will change the world.
I am the one who will bring together the various major powers of the West and the East,
and I am the one who will confirm that the Great East is the first step in the construction of the Jyōeiken.
The people of the Manchukuo and the Taizhou states have become the first in the imperial court
and have made tremendous efforts to build the Jyōeiken.
It is a great honor to have the opportunity to participate in this.
On the other hand, it is truly a great honor to have the opportunity to build the Jyōeiken
with the imperial court and the imperial court,
and to build the world's best building.